I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The Little Boat
Peppa and her family are going on a picnic.
I love picnics.
Me too.
The picnic spot is
on the other side of the river.
Oh, how do we get over there?
We take a little boat.
You call it by ring this bell.
Hello, there!
It is Grampy Rabbit in his rowing boat.
Would you like to cross the river?
Yes, please!
Oh, stop, Daddy Pig. There's no more room.
Oh, bye-bye, Daddy.
Don't worry.
I'll come straight back for you.
Bye.
Row, row, row your boat,
gently down the stream.
If you see a crocodile,
don't forget to scream.
Ah! Ha ha ha ha.
Picnic spot. Everybody off.
Thank you Grampy Rabbit.
Daddy Pig is still waiting
to get across the river.
Hello, Mr. Pig.
Here are the wolf family.
What are you doing here?
We're having a picnic.
Would you like to join us?
Yes, please, Mr. Pig.
Ah. All passengers.
Women and children first.
Stop! The boat is full.
Oh!
I'll be straight back for you two.
Bye-bye.
Row, row, row your boat,
gently down the creek.
If you see a big bad wolf,
don't forget to shriek.
Ah! He he he he.
Hello, Peppa!
Hello, Wendy!
We're joining in your picnic.
Oh, goody.
But where's Daddy Pig?
I left him with Mr. Wolf.
I'm getting a bit hungry.
Don't worry.
We've got the picnic.
All aboard.
Stop, Mr. Wolf.
There's not enough room for you.
Oh, dear.
I've got an idea. You wait here,
Grampy Rabbit and we'll go over.
All right. I could do with the rest.
Mr. wolf and Mr. Pig
are crossing the river together.
I'm really hungry now.
Hooray! We're here.
Hello, Daddy. Where's the picnic?
Oh.
Grampy Rabbit is waiting with the picnic.
I forgot the picnic.
Ha ha ha!
You got on a picnic without a picnic.
You're right there.
Ah! What about me, Grampy Rabbit?
No room, Daddy Pig.
I'll come back for you.
It is Mrs. Duck and her friends.
Hello, Mrs. Duck.
If you've come for the picnic,
you'll have to wait for the little boat, like me.
Or, you could just swim across,
like you're doing.
Here's the picnic can for everybody.
Hooray!
And here are the ducks.
The ducks always turn up
when we have picnics.
Would you like some cheese, Grampy Rabbit?
Well, I should really be getting back.
Why do lap up a bit of cheese?
I love jelly.
I love sandwiches.
Strawberry!
They've forgotten me!
Here is some cake for Mrs. Duck.
Is cake your favorite?
It's daddy's favorite too.
Oh, where is daddy?
We forgot daddy.
Ahoy, there!
I've come to take you to the picnic.
Hooray!
Daddy Pig!
We forgot you.
But I saved you some jelly.
I saved you sandwich.
And George saved you a strawberry.
How nice of you all.
Is there any cake?
No, we gave it to the ducks.
But look, Mrs. Duck has saved you a worm.
Oh, thank you, Mrs. Duck,
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Row, row, row your boat,
gently down the stream/creek.
If you see a big bad wolf,
don't forget to shriek.
Ah!
Ha ha ha ha.